= Rack Goggles

* http://github.com/jbarnette/rack-goggles

== Description

See a "pretty" version of your API.

Goggles installs a little tiny Sinatra app on a URL prefix and serves
any JSON responses that come back as a prettyprinted HTML page. There
are browser add-ons that do a great job with this sort of thing, but I
wanted something I could live-link from API docs.

This could be a lot fancier and prettier, I just extracted the bare
minimum from a production app. Patches welcome.

== Examples

    require "rack/goggles"
    use Rack::Goggles, "/goggles"

Let's pretend your app has a <tt>users</tt> resource available at
<tt>http://example.org/api/v3/users</tt>. With Goggles configured as
above, hitting <tt>http://example.org/goggles/api/v3/users</tt> will
give you a prettified version.

Goggles ignores any response that doesn't have an
<tt>application/json</tt> content type.

== Installation

    $ gem install rack-goggles

== License

Copyright 2010 John Barnette (code@jbarnette.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Goggles uses a modified version of James Padolsey's prettyPrint.js
(http://github.com/jamespadolsey/prettyPrint). Thanks, James!
